README.md, before:

# Nutrition Helper - Group Project 1 

## Description 

Nutrition Helper is an application that allows the user find foods, various information, and various locations to purchase products based on zip-code submition. 

Below is a preview of the deployed application:

ADD SCREEN SHOT HERE PLEASE OF DEPLOYED VERSION


## Installation

There is no installation needed to use the application.


## Usage 

Deployed Application found here: [Nutrition Helper] https://chris-15.github.io/Project1/


## Credits

- Group 4
- Christopher Sarmiento-Salas, Diana Sossei, Kenneth Hollis, Tim Knight
- TA's: Dominick, Jaime and Symone
- [Tailwind Documentation](https://tailwind-elements.com/)
- [Tailwind Elements Documentation](https://tailwind-elements.com/quick-start/)
- [Open Edamam Food Database API Documentation](https://developer.edamam.com/food-database-api-docs#/)
- [Open Bing Maps Locations API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/bingmaps/rest-services/locations/)


## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) [2022] [Group 4]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

updated readme with screenshots and changed group number from 4 to 3

README.md, after:

# Nutrition Helper - Group Project 1 

## Description 

Nutrition Helper is an application that allows the user to find foods, various information, and various locations to purchase products based on zip-code submission. We used tailwind for styling the page. We fetched the information for nutrition from the Edamam Food Database API. We fetched the store information from the Bing Maps Locations API. 

Below is a preview of the deployed application:

At large screensizes:

<img src="./assets/images/nutrition_helper-004.jpg" width="600" height="300">

At mobile sizes:

<img src="./assets/images/nutrition_helper_bp575_001.jpg" width="300" height="500">

## Installation

There is no installation needed to use the application.


## Usage 

Deployed Application found here: [Nutrition Helper] https://chris-15.github.io/Project1/


## Credits

- Group 3
- Christopher Sarmiento-Salas, Diana Sossei, Kenneth Hollis, Tim Knight
- TA's: Dominick, Jaime and Symone
- [Tailwind Documentation](https://tailwind-elements.com/)
- [Tailwind Elements Documentation](https://tailwind-elements.com/quick-start/)
- [Edamam Food Database API Documentation](https://developer.edamam.com/food-database-api-docs#/)
- [Bing Maps Locations API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/bingmaps/rest-services/locations/)


## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) [2022] [Group 3]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
